[Music]
we delight in stories of love good humor
acts of kindness everything that brings
people happiness we think that such
stories need to be shared as much as
possible all of these short stories are
so heartwarming that no one can remain
indifferent to them you know what I
cried like a child hearing the boy from
an orphanage story and those who would
not just probably have a heart of ice my
cat saved my life I was renting a bath
and he was sitting slumbering in the
sink when I realized that the water was
getting a little cold I stood up and
turned on the hot water tab I slipped
and fell I woke up thanks to someone
hitting my face it turned out that I had
been knocked out and almost drowned but
my little kitty had started meowing and
hitting my face with his paws to wake me
up
[Music]
my daughter is four years old and she
loves walking around town
she always enjoys listening to street
musicians and giving them some change
yesterday we saw some people playing
drums in the street
my daughter danced with them for 20
minutes then gave them all the coins we
had she also handed out his piece to
them
Oliver sleeps and all of her coins
[Music]
we've nicknamed my dog father Teresa
because he can't pass by any of his
furry companions when they need help it
all began one winter when he ran away
out into the country and ended up
bringing back for frozen puppies
together with their mother then he began
to rescue stray cats one of his favorite
things is to pull stray animals off the
street and into our home he always licks
them clean I think he would breastfeed
them if he could then it falls to me to
feed the strays and find them a new home
who'd have thought an animal could do so
much good in the world I'm so proud of
him
[Music]
I left home to go study in a place a
thousand miles away I talked to my mom
regularly on skype one time I saw what
looked like a child crying in the
background it turns out that it was my
dad pretending to be a seal to annoy us
and stop me from missing home too much
[Music]
one evening I was at the train station
buying a ticket to get home I had just
enough coins in my backpack to afford it
then the machine ate some of my money
without counting it and I started
searching my pockets for that last vital
few cents I finally said to myself out
loud damn where am I going to find a
dollar right now
Big Brother can help you I heard behind
me I turned around and there was a
homeless guy stretching out his arm with
the money and they say there's no such
thing as everyday acts of kindness
[Music]
I can't stand my husband soup but when
he makes it I always eat it with a smile
on my face once I came home from work
and found him making it I saw how he had
such a sweet little look on his face as
he carefully cut a carrot into
heart-shaped slices for my dinner true
his soup is terrible but it's made with
so much love
two years ago my now deceased
grandfather presented me with his
favorite book today I decided to read it
I found a small glued envelope with $20
inside and a note saying when you get
bored
buy yourself a couple of chocolate bars
[Music]
my wife and I fight our daughter falls
on the floor and simulates some kind of
injury well recently we argued in the
kitchen our daughter had a nap in the
hall but when she heard us she came to
the kitchen and took me by the hand to
go with her like like she was afraid to
sleep alone
she made me lie next to her and we fell
asleep
the kid doesn't let us fight so we now
live in peace I remember the old toys we
used to decorate our Christmas tree with
when I was a kid the kind you can't find
anywhere now and there was this big blue
ball with phosphorescent stars on it we
made it a whole ceremony to take it out
of the box and charge it under a lamp
for the phosphorus to shine in the dark
it always went on the tree first that
was the moment when true and magical
anticipation started that ball is still
intact
in 2009 we adopted a little boy from an
orphanage he was three and a half years
old at the orphanage they didn't ever
give the kids anything sweet and so he
had no idea what candy tasted like one
day I gave him the basket in a
supermarket and said take what you want
in the end all we took was a packet of
tea and a small chocolate
he said that's all he needed since then
he's always asking me for a little extra
pocket money he goes and buys himself a
modest amount of treats and brings it
all home I keep encouraging him to eat
them himself but it's useless he says he
ought to share everything he has
[Music]
you